What are you going to cook?
Your favorite.
What. again?
Well. this is the last one.
What. you mean my tomatoes?
Can never have enough
tins of tomatoes. eh?
Instead...
we've five tons of chick peas.
Ooh.
That should last
at least five year. eh?
Fancy a glass of wine?
Oh. yeah. that'd be great.
Hey. hey.
You're in luck.
Drinkable.
You all right. sweetheart?
Yeah. I'm fine.
Well. I'm not fine.
It's all fucked. isn't it?
Our children are safe. aren't they?
Totally. yeah.
Thank God we paid
for that school trip.
Can you imagine if we
hadn't have done that?
No. I can't...
I can't imagine.
And I don't want you to imagine it.
Listen. they're
far. far away.
and they're safe and sound.
Okay?
Yeah.
Okay.
Don't worry...
Gorgeous.
Not interrupting. am I?
No.
I found this in the cellar.
I'd forgotten all about it.
I thought we could have them
after dinner.
Yeah.
Mmm! It smells wonderful.
And is that a bottle of wine. Don?
Yes. indeed. Geoff.
Ah. thank you.
There's chocolate for after.
Courtesy of your good lady wife.
What have we here?
I get blackberries. vanilla.
notes of autumn.
Karen...
He'll be hungry.
He'll be hungry when he gets back.
He'll want something to eat.
Here we go again.
Jacob. no.
Let me tell you something.
sweetheart.
It's been five days since
your boyfriend run out on us.
If he's breathing. it won't
be pasta he's interested in.
Jacob!
It'll be your fucking neck!
D-D-Don't say that.
Out of order. Jacob.
Why? We all know it's true.
The sooner she faces it. the better.
There are no survivors.
It's just us in here
and them out there.
- Sam...!
- Quiet!
- Let me in!
- It's a boy.
Wait. wait. wait. wait.
Don't know who's out there.
Please. let me in!
Don. it's a kid!
Help! Let me in!
Bloody hell.
Please. please let me in!
I'm coming. I'm coming...
Let me in!
Please! Help me!
Please!
Get in. get in.
Come on. get in!
Come on!
Are you all right?
Yeah.
Where have you come from?
Sanford.
Sanford's upriver a few miles.
How did you get here?
They were chasing me.
Screaming.
I was scared.
I ran.
I tried...
I tried other houses.
They were empty.
I came through the woods...
Who were chasing you?
My mum. my dad...
They're trying to kill me.
There's others. too.
How many?
Loads.
Sam.
It's got my arm!
Help me!
Come on! Get out of here!
Don!
Everybody go! Go!
Geoff. I can't see!
Hold onto my hand!
Get back!
Come back!
Oh. God.
Follow Jacob.
Keep going.
Darling. there's no time!
Come on!
For God's sake. go!
Fuck!
Where are you!?
Alice! Alice. no!
Alice!
Geoff. come on!
Come on!
Geoff!
Give me your hand!
Give me your hand. Sally!
Geoff! No! No!
Help me!
Alice! Alice!
Where are you!?
Just leave him.
I see him!
- Leave him!
- Let go!
Don! Help us!
Don!
Help us!
Jacob!
Go on!
- Jacob!
- Don!
Don!
Jacob.
Oh. shit. Oh. shit.
Oh. shit.
Welcome to London.
Hey. Doyle.
you having fun down there?
You can kiss my ass.
This is the worst combat I ever saw.
Where's the fucking combat?
Yeah. I hear you.
Give me something to shoot.
Too easy.
Northeastern Med Center.
20th floor. three windows in.
Fat guy jerking off in the toilet.
Oh. bug nuts...
him again... I saw him yesterday.
I don't see him.
Where is Fester Fuck Nut?
Oh. your boyfriend?
There he is. with his dick
in his hand on the 20th floor.
Yeah. next to the fire exit. man.
Oh. shit.
I think he needs
a jerk-off extender.
Hey. Doyle. you're the expert
in hand-to-hand combat.
- Man-to-man combat.
- Shut up.
I think it might be your dad. Doyle.
- Ooh!
- You got him.
Shit.
Colonel Phillips here.
What is your current status?
Good morning. Colonel.
Morning.
Colonel. I'm watching
the new arrivals disembark.
Yes. Major.
It'll take all morning
to process them.
Copy.
No one told me that we're
now admitting children.
Just follow around to your right.
Green and brown.
Interesting iris variation.
It's usually hereditary.
Do one of your parents
have the same?
My mother. she did.
How old are you. Andy?
Twelve.
I think that makes you
the youngest person
in the entire country.
Well. your blood
pressure is A-OK
and you're negative on any
serious diseases or afflictions.
I think you're okay to come in.
Welcome back to Britain.
We are headed
for the green zone.
our area of security
and reconstruction.
designated as District One.
District One is located
on the Isle of Dogs.
Although the Isle of Dogs
is completely safe.
the surrounding area of London
is not.
There are a large number of
bodies still left to be cleared
from the original outbreak
of infection.
Rats and wild dogs
are prevalent. as is disease.
New arrivals are reminded.
for their own safety.
it is absolutely forbidden
to cross the river
and leave the security zone.
You will be joining
15.000 civilians
who are already resident
in District One.
As we approach your new home.
you will notice a dramatically
increased military presence.
The U.S. Army is responsible
for your safety.
We will do everything we can do
to make your repatriation
as easy as possible.
Inside District One. however.
we believe you'll be
pleasantly surprised.
We have hot and cold
running water.
24-hour electricity.
a medical center. a supermarket
and even a pub.
That sounds good.
We're nearly home.
- Dad!
- It's Dad!
- Dad! Come on.
- I'm excited.
- Yeah.
You excited?
Hey!
Oh!
I missed you so much.
You all right?
I never thought I'd see you
again. you know that?
I am the chief medical officer.
I should have been notified
before children were brought in.
We've not even established
the protocol for minors.
We have issues of disease
and sanitation.
not to mention. we don't fully
understand the virus yet.
We understand that it did not
manage to go across species.
- Yes.
- That it did not
manage to go airborne.
and that the last infected human
died six months ago.
We weren't here six months ago.
Major...
What are you afraid of?
What if it comes back?
It won't come back.
What if it does?
If it comes back. we kill it.
Code Red.
Come on. guys.
What about this place. then. Andy?
Eh?
Yeah. it's pretty good. Dad.
Look at the camera.
This way.
That's good.
There's 25 floors.
We get the penthouse up there.
- Really?
- Really.
I.D.. sir.
- Thank you.
- So what do you do here. Dad?
What do I do?
I'm a section officer.
I keep the lights on.
the water running. the heat running.
See. that's what this says.
Triple A... "access all areas."
That's me.
I basically run the place. you know?
Well. you're the caretaker.
really. aren't you?
No. I run the place.
Wow!
Like it?
It's amazing.
What? Even better than sunny Spain?
You ought to have seen
the refugee camps. Dad.
There were 20 of us in each
tent and chemical toilets.
Oh.
- Everything smelled of piss.
- Nice.
We'll be moving to
our new house soon.
a couple of months. in fact.
A new house?
Yeah.
Listen. I hope you guys
understand. um...
we're not going to be able
to go back to our old house.
It's outside the security zone.
and anyway. I don't think
I'd want to go back there.
even if I could.
What happened. Dad... to Mum?
Yeah.
Do you want to sit down and
I'll tell you all about it?
Your mum and I were
hiding in a house.
A wee cottage.
There was an old couple that...
owned it.
And they were there. too.
Three other people.
And we were. uh...
...just trying to
stay alive. I suppose.
We were doing okay for a while.
And then we were attacked.
They came in
through the kitchen window.
They were really fast. you know?
Chased us.
Chased your mum.
And we were trapped.
Trapped in the bedroom.
Don!
I s...
I seen them...
biting...
I couldn't do anything.
I tried to go back.
She was already gone.
Was there nothing you could do?
No. there was nothing I could do.
I managed to get away.
Just running. running and running.
I got to this military camp.
And you know the rest. you know.
I've been in quarantine.
waiting for you guys to come back.
We're just happy you're still alive.
I'm sorry.
Doyle...
Doyle. you bastard.
Boy. I've never seen
you get so white.
- Come on.
- Oh. dude...
Good morning.
Get the fuck out of here. man.
I'm having all good dreams.
Yeah?
Sunday afternoon. clear blue skies.
I'm laying in bed with
my wife and... now I'm back
in this shit hole...
I know. man.
Yeah. yeah.
I had that same dream
about your wife.
Fucking with me.
Get on out of here. cowboy.
Yeah. all right.
Next time I'm gonna
shoot you. though.
All right. see you later.
family man.
I told you I'm gonna shoot you.
What's on the TV tonight?
You okay?
Bad dream?
Hey...
I get worried I'm going to
forget what she looks like.
You won't forget.
I don't even have a picture of her.
Promise?
Yeah.
Andy. we agreed.
You heard what they said: it's
only dogs and rats out there.
We'll go home. we'll get what
we want and come back again.
We should have told Dad.
It's fine. Trust me.
He won't even know we're gone.
Where are you going?
Base. come in.
Go.
We have two strays that just
slipped out the north gate.
- Stray dogs?
- No. puppies.
Yeah!
- Yeah!
- Whoo!
- Yes!
Whoo!
Whoa...
That's what we need.
Yeah. if it had keys.
Wait here.
Let's go.
There you go.
Tam!
Tam?
Tam. are you there?
Tammy?
Tammy. this is stupid.
You're not being funny.
I knew it.
You're hurting me!
No. don't go! No!
No!
Doyle...
I got your puppies.
No!
Get off me!
I apologize for these precautions.
It's standard protocol when
dealing with any survivors.
Though we haven't had
to do it for a while.
The last survivor
we came across
was over two months ago.
Can you tell me
anything about
how you managed to...
keep... alive
while you were gone so long?
Do you know of any other survivors?
Okay.
Just going to take a blood sample.
It won't hurt.
Have you come
into direct contact
with the infected?
Okay.
I want to see my children.
Of course. Of course.
Mr. Harris.
- Yeah.
- We found your kids.
Oh. thank God. thank God.
Thank you so much.
We found your wife. too.
Can they hear me?
So what did you two think
you were playing at?
You said you saw her die.
What?
You said you saw her die!
I didn't say that.
You did. you said
you saw her die. you did.
Baby. I didn't use those words.
This is...
I don't know. I mean.
it's confusing. you know?
It's very hard for you
to imagine. you know?
It's-it's too hard to explain.
Well. try to explain it. Dad. try!
Try? What do you want me to say?
I thought I saw Mom...
die.
I wouldn't have told you that...
I was sure.
Guys. I'm not sure
what's happening here.
but it's good.
Okay? That's the point.
Mom is alive.
I want to see her!
There's no question. sir.
She has the virus.
She's infected.
Why isn't she showing any symptoms?
I don't know.
Speculate.
A genetic abnormality which acts
as some sort of natural immunity.
But the virus
is still in her blood
and saliva. so...
technically. she's not immune.
She's a carrier.
Are you saying she has
the ability to infect others?
Yes. sir.
Absolutely.
If this woman has
natural immunity.
she is incredibly valuable.
Her blood could contain the
key to a vaccine. even a cure.
Alice?
Hey. baby.
Oh. I'm so sorry.
I was scared.
I shouldn't have run away.
Please forgive me.
Please. sir. we need
some time to study her.
We need to run some tests.
Run tests on her corpse. Major.
I love you. Don.
Yeah.
Oh. God. I love you. too.
Don!
Help...
Help me!
Clear channels to control room.
Control room.
this is General Stone.
All forces under my control
prepare to execute
Code Red on my command.
- Affirmative.
Break. break. break. all stations.
Sunray in 30 seconds.
We have an outbreak
of the infection
in the medical center.
All units safeties off.
- Affirmative.
Open air cap. transmission.
Prepare designated
containment areas.
Affirmative.
Move civilians to containment areas.
All command personnel
secure a bunker.
Confirm order to lock down.
Lock down confirmed.
Execute Code Red.
Flynn. come in.
Flynn. did you hear that Code
Red or am I losing my shit?
Just about to ask you
the same thing.
Ten hut!
Everything's fine.
Don't worry.
I'll be back in a moment.
It's probably nothing.
Tam. it didn't sound like nothing.
He said he'd be back in a moment.
You okay?
Let's go.
Come on.
Move. move. move!
Let's go! Let's go!
Andy. keep hold of my hand!
Okay. come on. keep it going.
Keep it moving.
Come on. people. Come on.
people. Come on. now.
Don't push.
No pushing.
Sir. all civilians
into the containment area.
- No. these kids are with me.
- Sir...
It's incredibly important
that they are kept protected.
I need to get them out
of here immediately.
Sir. no exceptions.
- It's a Code Red.
- I know what it is.
These kids are with me.
My name is...
- Andy!
- Scarlet!
- Tammy!
- Andy!
- Andy. wait!
- Scarlet!
- Just wait. Andy!
- We're coming!
- Calm down. Calm down. now!
Move down. move down the room.
Keep moving.
Go. go. go. Come on.
Keep moving. That's it.
Hey. why are you
shutting us inside here?
For your own protection!
Well. just close the door!
You don't need to lock it!
It's for your own protection!
We've got to find Andy.
It's okay.
We'll find him.
Shut down civilian areas.
Sector One locked down.
Sector Eight locked down.
Sector Three locked down.
Switch to emergency lighting.
Use of non-lethal force authorized.
- All snipers in position.
- Roger that.
Ground forces to med center.
Ground force to med center.
- Sector One covered.
- Where's my spotter?
Girls. stay calm.
Dad.
My dad! My dad!
He's in here!
No...!
No!
Confirm: Only target infected.
Roger that.
Only target infected.
Targeting right.
I got two down.
Watch out for the friendlies.
I can't get a shot.
Oh. man. this is FUBAR.
We got a group
there at twelve o'clock.
I've got three on the ground.
Got four on the ground.
Got four.
16 down.
I got two by the jeep.
Jesus!
I don't see who's a target.
On the move! On the move!
On the move!
Move it right! Move it right!
I can't find
another damn target here.
I can't get a shot.
Whiskey Three.
why have you stopped firing?
Come in. Whiskey Three.
Abandon selective targeting.
Shoot everything.
Targets are now free.
I cannot contain spreading.
We've lost control.
All units. all units.
this is Medical Commanding
Officer Sierra Lima.
Please be on the lookout for
a young boy. age 12. name Andy.
If he is located. he must
be immediately evacuated
from the containment zone.
We have to find Andy.
We have to find him!
It's okay. It's okay.
We're gonna find him.
I'm gonna find him. I promise.
I'm gonna get him out of here.
I'm gonna get you both out of here.
Trust me.
Which shot?
Abandon selective targeting.
All targets are now free.
What? Confirm order.
Rooftop units.
target everyone at ground level.
No exceptions.
Repeat: no exceptions.
Run!
Three down!
One of ours down there!
Three o'clock!
Taking 'em down.
taking 'em down.
That's it. at three o'clock!
Kid! Over here!
Take 'em out! Take 'em out!
I got two fuckers on me.
Doyle. I got two fuckers on me!
Fuck.
Fuck!
Shh. shh. shh.
It's all right. It's all right.
Tam?
This is madness.
What's happening?
They're shooting everybody.
Why?
It makes no sense.
It makes perfect sense.
It's Code Red.
I saw Dad.
Where?
He's one of them.
Step one: kill the infected.
Step two: containment.
If containment fails...
step three: extermination.
And now they won't stop
until everyone is dead.
So what do we do?
I mean. I'm not sitting around
hereto get exterminated.
We've got to get out of here.
If we take one step
out of that door.
if the infected don't get us.
the snipers will.
Well. you don't have
a choice. my friend.
Right now it's dark out there.
The snipers can see through
their night scopes. but...
at least you have some limited
cover from the infected.
But. you know.
if you want to wait till sunup.
then you're as good as dead.
Who are you?
Sergeant Doyle. Delta. Rooftop Unit.
Why aren't you at your post?
Why aren't you?
Look. you guys do
what you want. but. uh...
I'm gonna get the fuck out of here.
You coming?
'Kay. come on.
There's less shooting.
Maybe they've got it under control.
Or less shooters.
All right. listen.
I need you guys
to look at me and only me. okay?
You run when I run.
Be my shadow. that's it. right?
Get around back.
Watch her.
Ready?
Let's go.
Stay.
Doyle. come in.
Then go.
Doyle. where the fuck are you. man?
Ground level.
District One.
Shit! Closed frequency.
Copy that.
What the fuck are you doing there?
Listen to me. you've got some
serious shit coming your way.
We've already got some serious shit.
No. I'm not fucking playing;
this is worse.
The air cav.
they just got their orders.
They're firebombing
all of District One.
That was fast.
Outbreak is out of control.
They're taking no chances.
So unless you are
out of the target zone.
you are getting cooked. you got me?
How long we got?
They're already on their way.
You got four minutes. tops.
But listen. I got some
clear landing ground
at Regents Park.
That's the pickup point.
Got it?
I'll be back in touch.
Hey. Doyle. you fuckin' better be.
All right. look. guys.
we got to run. okay?
Just stay low and stay fast.
Okay? After me.
Let's go.
Sniper!
- Back! Back! Back!
- Get down! Sniper!
Get back! Get back!
- Back!
- Andy. get in!
It's okay.
It's just a flesh wound.
All right.
Multiple shots. one hit.
He's panicked. and no marksman.
All right.
- What's your name?
- Sam.
Hey. Sam. Get close.
You see that doorway?
I need you to run
as fast as you can
in a zigzag like this. okay?
And don't stop for anything. okay?
You want me to be bait.
No. no.
Look. he's gonna
take shots at you. all right?
But he's gonna miss.
All right? He's gonna
expose his position.
It means I get a shot at
him. and I won't miss.
You're out of your fucking mind.
- There's no way I'm going out there.
- Stay back.
Two minutes. we're all gonna die.
You want that?
- No!
- Andy!
Fuck!
Good work. kid.
The fence!
Watch it. watch it!
Behind me.
Go! Go!
Go!
Come on.
Come on. come on.
Jump!
This is Red Fox One pouring whiskey.
Keep going.
We'll be safe under the river.
Go! Go!
Come on! Come on!
Run! Run!
Bring in bio-soldier units.
Fan out to the
predesignated positions.
Bio units. copy.
Use of chemical weapons authorized.
Repeat: all units.
chemical weapons are authorized.
Stay close.
They left us again.
Do you think Mum's still alive?
Not this time.
You look a little pale.
Blood makes me nauseous.
You never answered my question.
About why you left your post.
I got that boy in my sights.
He's not a target anymore.
When we were separated...
I thought I'd lost you. too.
We won't get separated again.
We'll stay together.
whatever happens.
Whatever happens.
It's all fucked.
You hear it all over
the radios... fucked.
Anyway...
what about you?
Why the hell are you here?
Their mother...
had very special blood.
Natural kind of immunity
to the virus.
Not all genetic traits
are passed on. you know.
They can skip a generation
or vanish altogether. but...
But they might have it.
It's a possibility.
So their lives are
far more valuable than mine.
Or yours.
I got it.
Doyle!
Flynn. go.
You made it.
I knew you'd do it. buddy.
Listen. I am coming
to you right now.
but keep a lookout. okay?
There's confirmed sightings
of infected
that have escaped the fire bombings.
Give me an ETA.
About 60.
Minutes?
No.
Seconds.
Kids. come on!
Get down.
Get down! Get down.
I see you!
Coming in!
Jesus. Doyle.
you got people with you.
Who the fuck are those people?!
Doyle!
I can't take them!
We will get shot out of
the sky if I try to land...
No. no. don't take them to base!
Take them over the channel!
What?!
You got to get these kids
out of here. Flynn!
Get the fuck in. Doyle!
I'm not taking them!
- I'm not leaving them!
- Get me out of here!
Hey! Get him off of there!
Get the fuck off...!
Okay.
- Stop!
- Come on!
Flynn. we're gonna fucking
die down here!
Do something!
Come on. you fuckers.
Get up. get up. get up!
Run! Move it!
Don't look back!
Keep going!
Keep going.
Fuck you.
Doyle. come in!
Doyle! You need to get
to safe ground!
Get to the stadium!
Ditch those people!
I'm not taking them.
Flynn. come in.
Flynn. goddamn it.
I know you can hear me.
Fuck the Code Red.
Fuck the chain of command.
I'm stuck out here and need
an extraction. goddamn it.
Better fucking be there.
because we will be.
Hey. you okay?
Yeah?
Bet you're tired. huh?
Me. too.
Look. I need you to help me. okay?
Help me with your sister.
You got that?
Come on. got to go.
Got to go.
Go. go. go. go. go!
Gas! Get back!
Get back! Come on!
It's gas!
- Get in the car!
- Run!
- Come on!
Get in the car!
Get in the car! Hurry up!
Come on. come on. get in. get in!
Get in!
Go. go. go!
Get the vents! Get the vents!
It won't start!
We're gonna be fine. all right?
Just keep trying.
- Keep trying!
- It won't start!
Come on. Come on! Come on!
Keep trying! Keep trying!
It won't start!
- It won't fucking start!
- Fuck me.
It won't start.
Put your foot on the clutch.
All right. pop the clutch
when I tell you. okay?
You get them to the stadium.
Okay?
Keep your head down.
I'll meet you there.
Doyle!
Pop it!
Go!
Go...!
Oh. my God!
Okay.
Scarlet!
They're shooting at us!
Okay. let's go!
Go on through here. guys.
Just hold onto the rails.
Careful. guys.
Okay.
It's okay. I can see.
I can see.
Just keep going down.
Okay.
Keep walking
straight. guys.
holding against the wall.
You're doing really well.
You're doing great.
Okay. get back. get back!
Against the wall!
Okay. good.
Just stay close.
Slightly to the right. Andy.
It's okay.
I know... I can see.
I've got the night sight on.
You're doing great.
Just hold. hold the rail.
Nice and slow down the stairs. okay?
Stop. stop. stop!
Right now!
Okay. Tammy. to your left.
Good. Okay.
Good girl. just straight...
Now. nice and slow.
Slower.
Stop! Stop! Stop. honey!
It's okay!
It's okay. all right?
Grab ahold of
the other railing. okay?
Scarlet. I can't see anything!
Okay. go to your right.
Go to your right.
All right. try and skip...
Just-just put your leg
far out in front of you. okay?
Good girl.
Hold onto the rail.
Careful!
Andy! Where are you?!
Andy! Where are you. Andy?!
Answer me!
Where are you?!
Tammy!
Scarlet!
Tammy. I'm coming!
I'm right here!
Scarlet. I've lost Andy.
It's okay. It's okay.
I'm right here.
I've lost Andy.
It's okay.
There you go.
Just slowly. towards me...
I lost Andy.
We'll find Andy.
Scarlet!
Andy!
Where are you?!
Scarlet.
Tammy?
Tammy?!
Scarlet?!
No!
Don't!
We stay together.
whatever happens.
No!
Andy!
Andy. no!
No. Andy!
Andy! Andy!
No!
Andy!
Tammy. am I one of them?
No.
No. you're not.
Stop!
Where's Doyle?
Where's Doyle?!
It's just us.
Come on.
Get in.
Come on!
We need your help.